# CICovsel

## Version 0.1.0
Code of the simulation study from the manuscript 'Selection of covariates for confounding adjustment in studies of causal inference: backward elimination of covariates had minimal added value to using background knowledge'.

## Generating data and running simulation study
The R code in ./rcode/poc performs a proof of concept simulation. The results are stored as .rds file in .data/poc

The R code in /rcode/dgm can be used to generate the data and the R code in /rcode/sim can be used to run the simulation study. Data will be saved as .rds files in /data/raw.

## Processing results of simulation study
The R code in ./rcode/visualisation creates figures depicting the results of the simulation study. The script produces .pdf files. The scripts uses the .rds files available in ./data/summarised. The output of the script is saved in .results/figures.

Attached packages:
data.table [version]
simsalapar [version]
logistf [version]
MASS [version]

## Project organization

```
.
├── .gitignore
├── CITATION.md
├── LICENSE.md
├── README.md
├── data
│   ├── poc            <- datafiles generated by the proof-of-concept simulation
│   ├── raw            <- datafiles generated in simulation
│   └── summarised     <- summaries of raw data
├── docs               <- Manuscript source, e.g., LaTeX, Markdown, etc. 
├── results
│   ├── figures        <- Figures for the manuscript or reports
│   ├── tables         <- Tables for the manuscript or reports
│   └── output         <- Other output for the manuscript or reports
└── rcode              <- Source code for this project
    ├── analyses       <- Helper scripts and script for main analysis in simulation study
    ├── dgm            <- Scripts that define the dgm
    ├── exe            <- Main script from which simulation is executed
    ├── sim            <- Scripts used to run the simulation study
    ├── sumsim         <- Scripts to summarise simulation output
    └── visualisation  <- Scripts for visualisation of simulation results

